.TH git-annex-log 1
.SH NAME
git-annex-log \- shows location log
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex log \fB[path ...]\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Displays the location log for the specified file or files, showing each
repository they were added to ("+") and removed from ("\-"). Note that the
location log is for the particular file contents currently at these paths,
not for any different content that was there in earlier commits.
.PP
This displays information from the history of the git-annex branch. Several
things can prevent that information being available to display. When
git-annex\-dead and git-annex\-forget are used, old historical
data gets cleared from the branch. When annex.private or 
remote.name.annex\-private is configured, git-annex does not write
information to the branch at all. And when annex.alwayscommit is set to
false, information may not have been committed to the branch yet.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-since=date\fP, \fB\-\-after=date\fP, \fB\-\-until=date\fP, \fB\-\-before=date\fP, \fB\-\-max\-count=N\fP"
.IP
These options are passed through to \fBgit log\fP, and can be used to limit
how far back to search for location log changes.
.IP
For example: \fB\-\-since "1 month ago"\fP
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-raw\-date\fP"
Rather than the normal display of a date in the local time zone,
displays seconds since the unix epoch.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-gource\fP"
Generates output suitable for the \fBgource\fP visualization program.
.IP
.IP "matching options"
The git-annex\-matching\-options(1)
can be used to control what to act on.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-all\fP \fB\-A\fP"
Shows location log changes to all files, with the most recent changes first.
In this mode, the names of files are not available and keys are displayed
instead.
.IP
.IP "Also the git-annex\-common\-options(1) can be used."
.SH SEE ALSO
git-annex(1)
.PP
git-annex\-forget(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

