.TH git-annex-info 1
.SH NAME
git-annex-info \- information about an item or the repository
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex info \fB[directory|file|treeish|remote|description|uuid ...]\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Displays statistics and other information for the specified item,
which can be a directory, or a file, or a treeish, or a remote,
or the description or uuid of a repository.
.PP
When no item is specified, displays statistics and information
for the local repository and all annexed content.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-fast\fP"
.IP
Only show the data that can be gathered quickly.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-json\fP"
Enable JSON output. This is intended to be parsed by programs that use
git-annex. Each line of output is a JSON object.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-json\-error\-messages\fP"
Messages that would normally be output to standard error are included in
the json instead.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-bytes\fP"
Show file sizes in bytes, disabling the default nicer units.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-batch\fP"
Enable batch mode, in which a line containing an item is read from stdin,
the information about it is output to stdout, and repeat.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-z\fP"
Makes the \fB\-\-batch\fP input be delimited by nulls instead of the usual
newlines.
.IP
.IP "matching options"
The git-annex\-matching\-options(1) can be used to select what
to include in the statistics.
.IP
.IP "Also the git-annex\-common\-options(1) can be used."
.SH EXAMPLES
Suppose you want to run "git annex get .", but
would first like to see how much disk space that will use.
Then run:
.PP
 git annex info \-\-fast . \-\-not \-\-in here
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
git-annex(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

