.TH git-annex-importfeed 1
.SH NAME
git-annex-importfeed \- import files from podcast feeds
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex importfeed \fB[url ...]\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Imports the contents of podcasts and other feeds. Only downloads files whose
content has not already been added to the repository before, so you can
delete, rename, etc the resulting files and repeated runs won't duplicate
them.
.PP
When \fByoutube\-dl\fP is installed, it can be used to download links in the feed.
This allows importing e.g., YouTube playlists.
(However, this is disabled by default as it can be a security risk. 
See the documentation of annex.security.allowed\-ip\-addresses
in git-annex(1) for details.)
.PP
To make the import process add metadata to the imported files from the feed,
\fBgit config annex.genmetadata true\fP
.PP
By default, the downloaded files are put in a directory with the title
of the feed, and files are named based on the title of the item in the
feed. This can be changed using the \-\-template option.
.PP
Existing files are not overwritten by this command. If "some feed/foo.mp3"
already exists, it will instead write to "some feed/2\_foo.mp3"
(or 3, 4, etc). Sometimes a feed will change an item's url,
resulting in the new url being downloaded to such a filename.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-force\fP"
.IP
Force downloading items it's seen before.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-relaxed\fP, \fB\-\-fast\fP, \fB\-\-raw\fP"
These options behave the same as when using git-annex\-addurl(1).
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-fast\fP"
Avoid immediately downloading urls. The url is still checked
(via HEAD) to verify that it exists, and to get its size if possible.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-relaxed\fP"
Don't immediately download urls, and avoid storing the size of the
url's content. This makes git-annex accept whatever content is there
at a future point.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-raw\fP"
Prevent special handling of urls by youtube\-dl, bittorrent, and other
special remotes. This will for example, make importfeed
download a .torrent file and not the contents it points to.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-no\-raw\fP"
Require content pointed to by the url to be downloaded using youtube\-dl
or a special remote, rather than the raw content of the url. if that
cannot be done, the import will fail, and the next import of the feed
will retry.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-template\fP"
Controls where the files are stored.
.IP
The default template is '${feedtitle}/${itemtitle}${extension}'
.IP
The available variables in the template include these that
are information about the feed: feedtitle, feedauthor
.IP
And these that are information about individual items in the feed:
itemtitle, itemauthor, itemsummary, itemdescription, itemrights,
itemid.
.IP
Also, title is itemtitle but falls back to feedtitle if the item has no
title, and author is itemauthor but falls back to feedauthor.
.IP
(All of the above are also added as metadata when annex.genmetadata is
set.)
.IP
The extension variable is the extension of the file in the feed,
or sometimes ".m" if no extension can be determined.
.IP
The template also has some variables for when an item was published.
.IP
itempubyear (YYYY), itempubmonth (MM), itempubday (DD), itempubhour (HH),
itempubminute (MM), itempubsecond (SS),
itempubdate (YYYY\-MM\-DD or if the feed's date cannot be parsed, the raw
value from the feed).
.IP
(These use the UTC time zone, not the local time zone.)
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-no\-check\-gitignore\fP"
By default, gitignores are honored and it will refuse to download an
url to a file that would be ignored. This makes such files be added
despite any ignores.
.IP
.IP "Also the git-annex\-common\-options(1) can be used."
.SH SEE ALSO
git-annex(1)
.PP
git-annex\-addurl(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

