.TH git-annex-benchmark 1
.SH NAME
git-annex-benchmark \- benchmark git-annex commands
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex benchmark [criterionopts] ( \-\- commmand [; command] | \-\-databases=N )
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
When git-annex is built with benchmarking support, this command can be used
to benchmark any other git-annex command. For example
"git annex benchmark \-\- get ."
will benchmark "git annex get".
.PP
The command being benchmarked is run in the current git-annex repository.
It does not run just once; the benchmarking process will run it several
times to get a statistically meaningful result.
.PP
When benchmarking an action like "git annex get", the first run will
often do much more than subseqent runs. To make the benchmark repeat an
action like getting a file each time, additional commands can be listed,
separated by ';'. (Note that ';' needs to be escaped from the shell.)
The combined script will be run repeatedly by the benchmark. An example
of using this:
.PP
 git annex benchmark \-\- get . ';' drop .
.PP
Note that git-annex benchmark does not fork new git-annex processes when
benchmarking; it calls the command to benchmark internally, and so avoids
git-annex's startup overhead. (So don't try to use it to optimise git-annex
startup.) 
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
Before the "\-\-" any of the criterion library's command\-line options can be
used.
.PP
Any options that git-annex usually accepts can be included after the
command to benchmark.
.PP
The \-\-databases=N option benchmark's git-annex's use of sqlite databases,
instead of a command. N is the number of items to benchmark.
.PP
.SH OUTPUT
The output of the commands being benchmarked goes to standard output and
standard error as usual. It's often a good idea to use \-\-quiet to avoid
unncessary output, unless the generation of that output is part of what
you want to benchmark.
.PP
The benchmark report is output to standard output by default, although
criterion options can be used to redirect it to a file. For example:
.PP
 git annex benchmark \-o bench \-\- find >/dev/null
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
git-annex(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

