.TH git-annex-sync 1
.SH NAME
git-annex-sync \- synchronize local repository with remotes
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex sync \fB[remote ...]\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command synchronizes the local repository with its remotes.
.PP
The sync process involves first committing any local changes to files
that have previously been added to the repository,
then fetching and merging the current branch and the \fBgit-annex\fP branch
from the remote repositories, and finally pushing the changes back to
those branches on the remote repositories. You can use standard git
commands to do each of those steps by hand, or if you don't want to
worry about the details, you can use sync.
.PP
The content of annexed objects is not synced by default, but the \-\-content
option (see below) can make that also be synchronized.
.PP
When using git-annex, often remotes are not bare repositories, because
it's helpful to add remotes for nearby machines that you want
to access the same annexed content. Syncing with a non\-bare remote will
not normally update the remote's current branch with changes from the local
repository. (Unless the remote is configured with
receive.denyCurrentBranch=updateInstead.)
.PP
To make working with such non\-bare remotes easier, sync pushes not only
local \fBmaster\fP to remote \fBmaster\fP, but also to remote \fBsynced/master\fP (and
similar with other branches). When \fBgit-annex sync\fP is later run on the
remote, it will merge the \fBsynced/\fP branches that the repository has
received.
.PP
Some special remotes contain a tree of files that can be imported
and/or exported, and syncing with these remotes behaves differently.
See  git-annex\-import(1) and git-annex\-export(1) for details
about how importing and exporting work; syncing with such a remote 
is essentially an import followed by an export. In many cases,
importing needs to download content from the remote, and so sync will
only import when the \-\-content option is used. (And exporting only
ever happens when \-\-content is used.) The remote's 
\fBremote.<name>.annex\-tracking\-branch\fP also must be configured, and
have the same value as the currently checked out branch.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB[remote]\fP"
.IP
By default, all remotes are synced, except for remotes that have
\fBremote.<name>.annex\-sync\fP set to false. By specifying the names
of remotes (or remote groups), you can control which ones to sync with.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-fast\fP"
Only sync with the remotes with the lowest annex\-cost value configured.
.IP
When a list of remotes (or remote groups) is provided, it picks from
amoung those, otherwise it picks from amoung all remotes.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-only\-annex\fP \fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-not\-only\-annex\fP"
Only sync the git-annex branch and annexed content with remotes,
not other git branches.
.IP
This avoids pulling and pushing other branches, and it avoids committing
any local changes. It's up to you to use regular git commands to do that.
.IP
The \fBannex.synconlyannex\fP configuration can be set to true to make
this be the default behavior of \fBgit-annex sync\fP. To override such
a setting, use \fB\-\-not\-only\-annex\fP.
.IP
When this is combined with \-\-no\-content, only the git-annex branch
will be synced.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-commit\fP, \fB\-\-no\-commit\fP"
A commit is done by default (unless \fBannex.autocommit\fP is set to false).
.IP
Use \-\-no\-commit to avoid committing local changes.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-message=msg\fP"
Use this option to specify a commit message.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-pull\fP, \fB\-\-no\-pull\fP"
By default, syncing pulls from remotes and imports from some special
remotes. Use \-\-no\-pull to disable all pulling.
.IP
When \fBremote.<name>.annex\-pull\fP or \fBremote.<name>.annex\-sync\fP
are set to false, pulling is disabled for those remotes, and using
\fB\-\-pull\fP will not enable it.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-push\fP, \fB\-\-no\-push\fP "
By default, syncing pushes changes to remotes and exports to some 
special remotes. Use \-\-no\-push to disable all pushing.
.IP
When \fBremote.<name>.annex\-push\fP or \fBremote.<name>.annex\-sync\fP are
set to false, or \fBremote.<name>.annex\-readonly\fP is set to true,
pushing is disabled for those remotes, and using \fB\-\-push\fP will not enable
it.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-content\fP, \fB\-\-no\-content\fP"
Normally, syncing does not transfer the contents of annexed files.
The \-\-content option causes the content of annexed files
to also be uploaded and downloaded as necessary, to sync the content
between the repository and its remotes.
.IP
The \fBannex.synccontent\fP configuration can be set to true to make content
be synced by default.
.IP
Normally this tries to get each annexed file that is in the working tree
and whose content the local repository does not yet have, from any remote
that it's syncing with that has a copy, and then copies each file to
every remote that it is syncing with. This behavior can be overridden by
configuring the preferred content of repositories. See
git-annex\-preferred\-content(1).
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-content\-of=path\fP \fB\-C path\fP"
While \-\-content operates on all annexed files,
\-\-content\-of allows limiting the transferred files to ones in a given
location.
.IP
This option can be repeated multiple times with different paths.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-all\fP \fB\-A\fP"
This option, when combined with \fB\-\-content\fP, makes all available versions
of all files be synced, when preferred content settings allow.
.IP
Note that preferred content settings that use \fBinclude=\fP or \fBexclude=\fP
will only match the version of files currently in the work tree, but not
past versions of files.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-jobs=N\fP \fB\-JN\fP"
Enables parallel syncing with up to the specified number of jobs
running at once. For example: \fB\-J10\fP
.IP
Setting this to "cpus" will run one job per CPU core.
.IP
When there are multiple git remotes, pushes will be made to them in
parallel. Pulls are not done in parallel because that tends to be
less efficient. When \-\-content is synced, the files are processed
in parallel as well.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-allow\-unrelated\-histories\fP, \fB\-\-no\-allow\-unrelated\-histories\fP"
Passed on to \fBgit merge\fP, to control whether or not to merge
histories that do not share a common ancestor.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-resolvemerge\fP, \fB\-\-no\-resolvemerge\fP"
By default, merge conflicts are automatically handled by sync. When two
conflicting versions of a file have been committed, both will be added 
to the tree, under different filenames. For example, file "foo" 
would be replaced with "foo.variant\-A" and "foo.variant\-B". (See
git-annex\-resolvemerge(1) for details.)
.IP
Use \fB\-\-no\-resolvemerge\fP to disable this automatic merge conflict
resolution. It can also be disabled by setting \fBannex.resolvemerge\fP
to false.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-cleanup\fP"
Removes the local and remote \fBsynced/\fP branches, which were created
and pushed by \fBgit-annex sync\fP.
.IP
This can come in handy when you've synced a change to remotes and now
want to reset your master branch back before that change. So you
run \fBgit reset\fP and force\-push the master branch to remotes, only
to find that the next \fBgit annex merge\fP or \fBgit annex sync\fP brings the
changes back. Why? Because the \fBsynced/master\fP branch is hanging
around and still has the change in it. Cleaning up the \fBsynced/\fP branches
prevents that problem.
.IP
.IP "Also the git-annex\-common\-options(1) can be used."
.SH SEE ALSO
git-annex(1)
.PP
git-annex\-preferred\-content(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

